[kad] Provide a targeted store operation. (#1988)
libp2p/rust-libp2p: protocols/kad/CHANGELOG.md

# 0.29.0 [unreleased]

- Add `Kademlia::put_record_to` for storing a record at specific nodes,
  e.g. for write-back caching after a successful read. In that context,
  peers that were queried in a successful `Kademlia::get_record` operation but

>   did not return a record are now returned in the `GetRecordOk::no_record`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  did not return a record are now returned in the `GetRecordOk::cache_candidates`
```

>   list of peer IDs.

Reviewer: Might be worth mentioning `KademliaCaching` here. What do you think @romanb?

Author: :+1: I forgot about the changelog. Updated in https://github.com/libp2p/rust-libp2p/pull/1988/commits/5bada7afbff87335f6bb3991126089ee5502a7e7.
